drupal-address version 8.x-1.9 build and validation (#2333)
ppc64le/build-scripts: d/drupal-address/README.md

How to run drupal related modules test cases.
-------------

Summary :-

>     To run test cases in drupal module we need drupal core package and drupal complete framework which incluse one database,apache server,and core package itself.
>     There are 3 type of tests in drupal unit,functional,intergration. For unit test we dont need drupal full framework like database.
>     Unit test does not use database testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To run test cases in drupal module, we need drupal core package and drupal complete framework which includes a database, apache server and core package itself.
    There are 3 type of tests in drupal unit, functional, integration. For unit tests, we don't need drupal full framework like database.
    Unit tests don't use database.
```

Author: done the changes according to review comment

*************************

> Copy following files into VM thats needed to run docker file succesfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy following files into the VM that is needed to run docker file successfully.
```

    1) automate_drupal.sh.txt
    2) Dockerfile.drupal.ubi
    3) drupal.zip
    4) drupal_schema.sql

Rename 2 files:-

>     #cp Dockerfile.drupal.ubi Dockerfile
>     #cp automate_drupal.sh.txt automate_drupal.sh
>     #chmod +x automate_drupal.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # cp Dockerfile.drupal.ubi Dockerfile
    # cp automate_drupal.sh.txt automate_drupal.sh
    # chmod +x automate_drupal.sh
```

Now create an image from dockerfile (Dockerfile.drupal.ubi i.e Dockerfile)

>      #docker build -t drupal_image .
>      #docker images
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     # docker build -t drupal_image .
     # docker images
```

Then run a container using that image.

>     #docker run -it -d drupal_image /bin/bash
>     #docker ps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # docker run -it -d drupal_image /bin/bash
    # docker ps
```

>     #docker exec -it 69cabf536f6f /bin/bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # docker exec -it <container-id> /bin/bash
```

Live drupal webserver will be available at http://<ip>:8081

> After that we need to run below command inside container.Run it in single command . Step 1 will take sometime to exec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that we need to run below command inside the container. Run it in single command. Step 1 will take some time to exec.
```

Step 1:-

    su - postgres -c 'if [[ $(psql -l | grep dru2_pg) ]]; then     echo "Database already configured..."; else    /usr/pgsql-13/bin/pg_ctl -D /var/lib/pgsql/13/data/ start;     /usr/pgsql-13/bin/createdb -T template0 dru2_pg;     psql dru2_pg < /opt/app-root/src/drupal_schema.sql; fi'

Step 2:-

    /usr/sbin/httpd -k start;

Go to :-

>     #cd /opt/app-root/src/drupal/modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # cd /opt/app-root/src/drupal/modules
```

Clone the module which you wanted to test :-

>     #git clone https://git.drupalcode.org/project/address.git
>     #git checkout <versions>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # git clone https://git.drupalcode.org/project/address.git
    # git checkout <versions>
```

Follow automate_drupal.sh for more detail:-

>     #cd /opt/app-root/src/drupal/modules/address
>     bash-4.4# pwd
>     /opt/app-root/src/drupal/modules/address
>     #cd /opt/app-root/src/drupal
> 
>     bash-4.4#yum install -y git php php-gd
>     bash-4.4# composer require 'drupal/token:^1.10'
>     bash-4.4# composer require 'commerceguys/addressing:*'
> 
> 
>         bash-4.4# pwd
>         /opt/app-root/src/drupal
> 	bash-4.4# ./vendor/bin/drush en address
>            [notice] Already enabled: address
> 
>     cd /opt/app-root/src/drupal/core
>     bash-4.4# pwd
>     /opt/app-root/src/drupal/core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # cd /opt/app-root/src/drupal

    # yum install -y git php php-gd
    # composer require 'drupal/token:^1.10'
    # composer require 'commerceguys/addressing:*'
    # cd /opt/app-root/src/drupal
	# ./vendor/bin/drush en address
           [notice] Already enabled: address

    # cd /opt/app-root/src/drupal/core
```

RUN TEST:-
----------

> 
>     bash-4.4# ../vendor/phpunit/phpunit/phpunit ../modules/address/tests/src
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # ../vendor/phpunit/phpunit/phpunit ../modules/address/tests/src
```

Test output
----------------

> bash-4.4# ../vendor/phpunit/phpunit/phpunit ../modules/address/tests/src

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # ../vendor/phpunit/phpunit/phpunit ../modules/address/tests/src
```
